add section about situation CoC report involves core team member (#764)
carpentries/docs.carpentries.org: topic_folders/policies/incident-response.md

- It is not your job to reassure or forgive them.
- Do not allow the reported person to make an apology to the reporter or impacted person. Often an apology centers the reported person’s feelings and not the person who was impacted. You may accept their apology and offer to pass it on, but you’re not required to if you think it would negatively impact the reporter.

#### Incidents involving Core Team members

> * If there are CoC reports either about or from (or in any way involving) Core

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The process below applies to any CoC incidents involving [Core Team](https://carpentries.org/team/) members

* If there are CoC reports either about or from (or in any way involving) Core
```

  Team members who are Community Initiatives (CI) employees, and those reports
  have the potential to rise to the level of harassment as defined by CI's

>   handbook, CI HR must be made aware immediately.

Reviewer 2: can I suggest that an attached document with individuals listed as designated contacts might be clearer than having to update the CoC every time a staff member moves?

>   handbook, CI HR must be made aware immediately.

Reviewer 3: Agreed! Some comments are in the PR thread.

> * If a PEO employee (non-U.S. based Core Team members) is involved, we will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Non-U.S. based Core Team members are employees of Velocity Global. If a Velocity Global employee is involved, we will
```

>   need to bring the PEO for country-specific advice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  need to bring Velocity Global for country-specific advice. Dave McGee at CI is our liaison with Velocity Global ([david@communityin.org](mailto:david@communityin.org)).
```

> * In cases involving CI employees that are definitely not harassment, it is ok

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In cases involving CI or Velocity Global employees that are definitely not harassment, it is ok
```

>   to handle through CoCc without involving CI. Examples of types of things that

Reviewer 4: Not sure adding two small examples here helps or rather confuses the person that needs to decide whether something is harassment or not.

  might be reported to the CoCc but that are not harassment are a workshop
  participant swearing at an Instructor, or a community member who is rude and
  pushy but not in any way related to sexual advances or protected categories.

If a report involving a Core Team member is susceptible to meet the appropriate
criteria for harassment, the CoCc should contact the Core Team liaison to the

> CoCc. The Core Team CoCc liaison will elevate anything that comes in by or about

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CoCc (currently François Michonneau ([francois@carpentries.org](mailto:francois@carpentries.org)) . The Core Team CoCc liaison will elevate anything that comes in by or about
```

Reviewer 5: @ErinBecker this needs to be updated to say that I am the CT liaison.

Core Team members to the Executive Team if appropriate and to Community

> Initiatives or the PEO if needed. If a report involves the Core Team CoCc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initiatives or the Velocity Global if needed. If a report involves the Core Team CoCc
```
